1.possessing the dream for the original goal plays a vital role for any people’s better future.
2.And the Sun, shinning gloriously, is referred to brighten future for the one possessing dreams, which can overcome all the plight and arduous difficulties in the life.
3.More importantly, it spares no efforts to come to the conclusion that the drawer tries to bring the benefits and the importance of the having dreams in life into the limelight, in the hope that all the graduates living in 21st century, with fierce competition, should have dreams. When facing such phenomenon, one famous people’s name directly showed up in my mind – Nelson Mandela, the great spiritual leader in our time. It was the dream(power of faith) in his heart that bring him outside the prison, bring him and his people to the freedom.
4.Dream is really powerful.
5.On the whole, from my perspective, it is advisable for us to try our best to discourage this phenomenon.
5.At the very beginning, some effective and stimulating measures should be taken into consideration to create an atmosphere where it is favourable for attracting the brains.
7.At the very beginning, I am deeply aware that, if the organization concerned can enhance all the undergraduates’ awareness of the benefits of dreams, it would be much better in bring them to donate their help to the development.
8.Only through these can we fruit a better future in the coming years.
9.Last but not the least, the authorities should enact relative laws and regulations to promote the talents working in rural areas, like providing some favourable policies for their offspring.
10.No matter what happens, they stick with an ideal that the coastline of success will show its beautiful curve finally only if they keep on fighting without any suspicion to their own value. 
11.A good case in point is a movie named “Pursuit of Happiness”, co-starred by Will Smith and his son, which tells us apparently (that) optimism and independence play critical roles in our self-content.
--------
The chart gives a breakdown of the proportions of students from a college who travel for different purposes. As it stands, 37% respondents tell that they travel for sightseeing, followed by 33% relieving stress. Besides, those touring to make friends and to learn to be independent share 9% and 6% respectively