关于汽车数量和堵车情况的范文
As is revealed in the diagram , remarkable changes have occurred as regards the number of vehicles and the average speed on the major roads. According to the information in the bar-chart,we can find that the total number of motor-cars has been on a rapid growth all the time,reaching 1.1 million in 2014. In the meantime,however,the moving speed has been increasingly slower. In 2008, the speed was as high as 58 kilometers per hour,while/whereas it slumped to only 29 kilometers 6 years later.
The driving factors for this scenario may be listed as follows. Firstly ,traffic congestion related to the increasing number of vehicles contributes a lot to the current situation. Based on a recent report , there exist heavy traffic jams on around 80% of the major roads in big cities,especially in rush hours. In the second,the condition at the moment has a lot to do with the inadequacy of relevant regulations and rules. Finally,we must admit that the backward public transport system is another significant driver that cannot be neglected.
Considering the arguments above,it’s of little surprise to see the worsening trend conveyed by the diagram. Still,effective efforts must be made to reverse or at least alleviate the deterioration.


推荐信（书）
Dear Bob,
I am writing this letter to recommend to you a book I like,”Good Times”, which exerts a peculiar fascination on a great many college people.
The reasons for my recommendation are as follows. This book is worthy for its following virtues. The first point that must be stressed is that this work has o complicate but fairly gripping plot. Besides, it must be pointed out that this novel tells an especially romatic story, which I’m convinced is quite to your taste. Finally,the fact cannot be ignored that through reading this piece of fiction,you will know more about American culture and thus improve your English proficiency.
Hoping you can enjoy this book and recommend it to those close to you after reading.
	Yours sincerely,
	Zhang Wei 


求职信
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am a to-be-graduate from Sichuan University, majoring in marketing. The letter is intended to express my strongest interest in the position of sales manager advertised in the local newspaper.
My qualifications, I believe, are adequate enough to meet your requirements. First and foremost, in the past academic years, I have proved to be a straight-A student , awarded a succession of scholarships. Besides, as a passionate participant in business activities on campus, I have accumulated much experience in sales practice, which will lay a solid foundation for the work here. Finally, my self-motivation, cheerful personality and good teamwork will also help guarantee my adequacy for the position.
I will appreciate it a lot if you are kind enough to schedule an interview at your convenience. Looking forward to your reply.
	Yours sincerely,
	Zhang Wei

志愿者求职信
Dear Sir or Madam，
I am a to-be-graduate from Sichuan University, majoring in marketing.The letter is intended to express my strongest interest in the position of sales manager advertised on the local newspaper.
My qualifications, I believe , are adequate enough to meet your requirements. First and foremost, in the past four academic years, I have proved to be a straight A student, advocated a succession of scholarship. Besides, as an enthusiastic participant in business activities on campus, I have accumulated much experience in sales practice, which will lay a solid foundation for the work. Finally, my self-motivation, cheerful personality and good teamwork will also help guarantee my adequacy for the position.
I would appreciate it a lot if you are kind enough to schedule an interview at your convenience. Looking forward to your reply.
	Yours sincerely,
	Li Ming

图表范文 中国网民
As is revealed in the graph , noticeable changes have arisen in terms of the number of the netizens in China. According to the data  in the bar-chart,we can find that the netizen number has been growing  all the time. In 2002, the number was just 30 million ,while 8 years later,it jumped to 300 million.In the meantime,the rural area has also witnessed a rapid increase,reaching 120 million in 2010. 
The driving factors for this scenario may be listed as follows. Firstly ,the gigantic advances of information technology contributes a lot to the current situation. In the second,the condition at the moment has a lot to do with the popularization of mobile phones and computers. Finally,we must admit that the speeding up of life pace is another significant driver that cannot be neglected.
In view of the discussions above, we can predict with confidence that this established trend will keep going in the current ever-changing and information explosion age.

环保倡议
[Dear Sir or Madam,]/[To whom it may concern,]/[To those concerned,]
I am a common college student keen on environment-friendly actions. The latter is meant to express my deepest concern about {the water pollution/contamination. }
It must be pointed out that the current river contamination has been deteriorating. Therefore, {it’s necessary that} the relevant department should take immediate and effective action against it.(负面现象用这两句)For one thing, we ought to improve the local public environmental consciousness which is of vital importance to the solution.For another, adequate regulations and rules should be instituted and put into operation as soon as possible.What’s more the chemical plant by the river must be [closed down]/[prohibited from ] discharging waste water before it is purified.
Thanks a lot for your due attention to the latter. Looking forward to seeing new changes about the river.
	Yours sincerely,
    Li  Ming


阅读习惯的范文，饼图
As is revealed in the pie chart, people vary greatly in terms of their reading habits. Based upon the information in the chart, one can notice that only a smaller percentage of people are sticking to the traditional paper stuff, 21% preferring newspaper and periodicals and 15% books. However, those reading online by computer and mobile phone, take up larger shares, accounting for 25% and 39% respectively.
The driving factors for the scenario can be listed as follows. Firstly, the present condition, to a large degree is closely related to the gigantic advances of information technology. In other words, the Internet has evolved into an indispensable part of our everyday work and life .In the second, we must admit that the popularization of computers and mobile phones is another significant driver that cannot be overlooked. Lastly, the situation at the moment has a lot to do with characteristic convenience and comfort peculiar to the mobile Internet.
In view of what has been discussed above , it's of little surprise to see such a phenomenon in the current high-tech/fast-paced era.


请求在英语学习方面给予帮助的信
Dear Professor Wang，
I am a student of yours from the department of Computer Science. The letter is meant to ask for some advice for you with my English study. 	My present problems with English are as follows. First and foremost, I have trouble with reading comprehension ,although I have a large vocabulary. What's more ,in spite of all my efforts ,I still find it hard to organize the logic of the composition very well. Last but not the least, I have been wondering how to improve my spoken English as well as listening proficiency. 
I would appreciate it a lot if you're kind enough to schedule an interview with me .Looking forward to your reply at your convenience.
	Yours sincerely,
	ZhangWei


大学生预期薪水和实际薪水的差距
As the table reveals clearly, remarkable changes have occurred in terms of university graduates' expected and real income. Based upon the information provided, one can notice that their expectation has been on a steady decline, approximating in gradually to the actual condition. In 2006,for example, postgraduate expected salary was as much as 6,000 RMB, while it went rapidly down to 4,500 4 years later, which was nearly equal to their real income.
The driving factor for this scenario may be listed as follows. To begin with, the present conditions stems largely for the dramatic growth of the number of university graduates. To put it in another way, with the development of the Chinese higher education, the job market has been increasingly fierce all the time. In addition, it must be admitted that the situation at the moment is closely related to the positive guidance of the major and relevant departments. Last But not least, the major transformation of the younger generations' outlook on life and values is another significant driver that cannot be ignored.
In view of the analysis above, it's of little surprise to see this phenomenon in the current ever-changing and rat-race world.  lndeed,  the youngsters ought to shift the emphasis from the monetary reward alone to their choice of lifework.


根据图表大学生预期收入与实际收入下降
As the table reveals clearly, remarkable changes have occured in terms of {university graduates' expected and real income }.[Based upon]([According to]/[In the light of]) the information provided,one can notice that{ their expection/expectation has been on a steady [decline]/[increase],approximating gradually to the actual condition}.[In 2006]/[In the year of 2006],for example,the postgraduates' expected salary was as much as 6,000 RMB,while it went rapidly down to 4,500 4 years later,which was nearly equal to their real income.  
The driving factors for this scenario may be listed as follows.[To start]/[To begin with]/[First and foremost]/[Firstly],the present condition stems largely from {the dramatic growth of the number of university graduates}.(原因1，小原因)To put it in another way(换言之), {with the development of the Chinese higher education , the job market has been increasingly fierce all the time}(原因1的补充，可在任意一个原因后).In addition, it must be admitted that the situation at the moment is closely related to {the positive guidance of the media and relevant department }.(大原因)[Last but not the least]/[Lastly], {the major transformation of the younger generation's outlook on (life and value)} is another significant driver that cannot be ignored.(小原因)
In view of the analysis above, it's of little surprise to see this phenomenon in the current ever-changing and rat-race world.(评价)Indeed,the youngsters ought to shift emphasis from monetary rewards alone to the choice of life work.(建议) 



请求信
Dear Professor Wang(Dear Sir),
I am a student of yours from Department of Computer Science.(介绍自己)The latter/email is meant to {[ask for]<题目中借来的>/[seek]} {some advice from you} {with/concerning my English study<题目中借来的>}.(表明目的)
My [present]/[current] problems with/regarding English are as follows.[The problems I'm facing with my English are as follows.](总述问题)First and formost, I have trouble with reading comprehension, [although I have a large vocabulary.}What's more,in spite of all my efforts, I still find it hard to organize the logic of the composition very well.Last but not the least,I have been wandering how to improve my spoken English {as well as listening proficiency.} 
I would appreciate it a lot if you are kind enough to schedule an interview with me. Looing forward to your reply at your convenience.
	Yours sincerely,
	Zhang Wei